# Marketing-Machine-Learning
Report On DTE-Classifier: First before we take further steps let's know what is Decision tree and why its used?

What's Decision Tree? Decision tree is the most powerful and popular tool for classification and prediction. A Decision tree is a flowchart like tree structure, where each internal node denotes a test on an attribute, each branch represents an outcome of the test, and each leaf node (terminal node) holds a class label .
Why Deceison Tree? are useful management tools that help formalize your thought process and provide a graphical representation of how different factors may influence your plans. They clearly lay out potential paths from the decision to all possible results, so that the cost and benefit of each path can be considered .
What is decision tree used for? In decision analysis, a decision tree can be used to visually represent and Explicitly decisions and decision making. As the name goes, it uses a tree- like model of decisions . Now from this code we used Bank Marketing dataset in order to train and see it on Decision tree classifier with the steps that token in order : 1: Importing the dataset (#loading the data from google.colab import files upload= files.upload() df=pd.read_csv('bank.csv') df.head(7)) with option of loading . 2: Define the rows/ or return the first row for the object based on position. 3: Checking if any value is NaN in the frame. 4: Generate decription statistics that summarize the central tendency/ or dispersion and shape of a datasets distribution excluding the NaN values. 5: Check the data types in each set row and encode it to machine language which from string to float. 6: Use encoder on all automatically from sklearn importing preprocessing. 7: Train the dataset. 8: Create Decision tree module with entropy and depth that can be changed. 9: Fit back to the decision tree module to the trained sets. 10: Predicting the response if its correct or not with the accuracy. 11: Visualize the tree. Now on focusing at the depth changeable here what was found: at depth of 1
